Penn awoke to the sound of rain coming down in sheets, hammering the street outside.  Awareness came slowly, as it always did, making it hard to tell if she was dreaming, or if the thin line of drool trailing down to the puddle at her cheek was real.  With a disgusted grimmace, Penn rolled away from the wet spot on her pillow, wiping her face dry with a clumsy swipe of her sleeve.  Penn whimpered at the shocking cold as she squirmed to keep her face dry and her body warm.

was a slow process for Penn, as always was on mornings like these, awareness seeping into the mind with slack lips trailing a line of drool onto her pillow where her cheek was The rain was coming down in sheets.  I imagined this was what it’d be like if some kind of divine being were to lay down retribution on our fine city's sewage system for all the travesties its designers had wrought.  The call came in about 10:30 tonight, a Friday just like any other.  Guy like me spends his weekends in the office waiting for the kinds of calls that never come during the week.  Gotta be a wrong number, I think to myself.  Who’s got any use for a washed up private eye in this day and age?  Apparently somebody does.
The contact never did tell me his name, just that the case would be as memorable as it was profitable, and that the money wouldn't be the only thing I'd come away with when all was said and done.  He said there’d be something in it for me that was more valuable than money, more use on this cold, God-forsaken Earth than the religiously sought-after cold hard cash I’ve come to worship as all but a myth.  All I could think of that was better than monetary compensation was the warm, soft leather of the time-worn couch in my office, out of the rain and the cold of reality. But this paycheck was supposed to be legendary.  Worth checking out, I guessed.
All I had to go on were two street names, a time, and instructions to follow an informant.  This was exactly the kind of case I’d be quick to turn down, under any other circumstance.  I don't much like being left in the dark.  I guess I’m funny like that; a private eye who likes to know all the details in advance.
So there I was, across the way from 1484 Triano Drive, unit number eight, killing time leaning against a light post and enjoying a smoke.  The rain had finally stopped, but the saturated blacktop reflected my world perfectly, like an instant biography, a Polaroid of my life’s story.  A hundred million rain drops persisted, sticking it out until the warmth of the morning sun; they perched on leaves, lay on mailboxes and hid under cars, dripping off of telephone poles and barren tree branches, each reflecting another aspect of my life from one of a hundred million angles.
I was reminded, at the time, of a crazy little pamphlet I got from a Buddhist at the station this morning.  It was still in my jacket pocket.  Later on, when I’ve got some time to myself, I might try reading it in a little more detail.
I tipped my hat up with the second knuckle of my left index finger to give myself a glimpse of the night sky.  The clouds had cleared for the most part, and the stragglers were moving frantically but silently across the sky, like a flock of cotton fleeing for its life from an invisible predator.  They passed over and around the moon and across the stars, and I wondered idly where they'd end up, whose office they'd be raining on tomorrow.
As I returned my eyes to my immediate surroundings I realized I could smell ozone on the air.  Even then I remember thinking to myself, that’s funny, you usually notice that scent before a storm.  I guess in a way I was right.
The door to number five opened from the inside out.  The lights in the apartment died and out came a couple of characters that I couldn’t decide at a glance whether I liked.  The first was a slickster with a long leather coat hanging casually over a cheap gray suit.  A fancy boy, shiny hair greased back over a head too perfectly round for its own good.  I half expected him to slip on a pair of shades to seal the deal.
The other was a hot little Asian dish done up nice in charcoal and black.  She had her jet black hair gelled into long, heavy spikes, drooping down around her head like the spearheads atop a molten wrought-iron fence.  A spaghetti-strap camisole, a pair of light, loose-fit slacks and a pair of three-inch, open-toed heels rounded things out in a way that I couldn’t very well argue with.  Looks to kill and style to match, but definitely not dressed for the weather.
I couldn't catch everything they said.  Their exchange lasted several minutes, but it was mostly the kind of doubletalk that comes out when two people are avoiding an awkward matter-at-hand.  I shifted my Borsalino to give myself a better view, and not just of the girl.
Her eyes weren’t on the slickster, and nor was she looking at me.  She was looking past the slickster, around him down the street.  I couldn't tell the difference at that range between anxious expectation and the grip of some unique brand of paranoid delusion.  They went on like that for what seemed to me like forever.
The guy took one of her hands in both of his.  She reached up to touch his face with the other.  They stopped talking and at that point I knew instinctively that they'd seen me, for better or worse.  The way they moved wasn't romantic in the least.  They weren't lovers.  There was no passion between them; it wasn't a mushy goodnight ritual, they were communicating something to each other that had nothing to do with anything as petty as feelings.  This was business.
He turned and took off west on foot.  She looked after him for a couple of seconds, but made no move to follow.
When they split up, follow the informant.  The client’s voice rattles around in my head, making about as much sense as anything else in my life up until this point.  Thanks for the tip, bub, I answer facetiously, silently; could you be a little more vague?
I watch the slickster taking his time on down Triano, and I keep an eye on the girl in black, already shivering herself to pieces in the dead of a cruel and unforgiving winter’s eve.  She's standing at a covered bus stop, still looking down the street like she knows her doom is imminent, a fate worse than death coming up Triano Drive to pay her a visit.
I fix my Borsalino straight, set my weight on my feet and tell them to take me in the right direction, but they can't decide any better than I can.  Sticking my hands into my pockets, I feel something printed on glossy cardstock.
I pull out the Buddhist’s pamphlet, still folded open to page three from this afternoon.  There at the bottom of the Follow the Path to Enlightenment section is a picture of an energetic fellow in purple robes, his left arm outstretched.  I look to his left, to my right; to the bus stop.
