Cam walked home alone from the docks, frowning up at a gloomy sky. Night was falling early on the horizon as the sun's light choked on a smoke black, fast moving storm front. Not wanting to get caught in the approaching maelstrom, he was openly irritated when a local monk stopped him in the street for a cheerful lesson on the meaning of life.

With a sneering apology, Cam tried to sidestep the monk, who persisted, following and tugging on Cam's sleeves. The boisterous little man drew a leaflet from the layered folds of his faded, blue woolens, and wouldn't let Cam go until he took it. With insincere thanks, Cam yanked his elbow free and stuffed the leaflet into a pocket without a glance. He jogged the rest of the way home as the leading edge of the storm began to pelt him with heavy rain.

Slamming the door to his small apartment shut with a sigh, Cam paused at the sound of paper scraping the wooden floor beneath his booted foot. He bent for a look, flicking off the hood of his coat as he struggled to make out the carefully hand-written note. It was a job offer, a vague request for information on a person of interest. All he had to do was ensure that \"an exhange\" took place, then follow to see where the target went afterward. He gave another, more tired sigh. Cam had worked with less, but preferred to work with more. What caught his attention, though, was the hook: \"This should be as memorable for you as it will be profitable,\" it read. \"You'll come away with so much more than just money when all is said and done.\"

And so he found himself staggering into the gray light of the next morning, bitter with cold and the hangover of a lifetime. His long, hooded coat and knee high boots kept the worst of the driving rain off, but some seeped in through time-worn seams in the treated leather.  At last, his destination came into view, a multi-story inn of old fashioned design, looming dark in the tempest. He stopped several dozen paces away and ducked into a narrow alley across the street, both to dodge the wind and to obscure himself from view. Cam watched and waited as the rain poured over a broad awning that kept the walkway in front of the inn relatively dry. Stuffing his hands into his pockets, he found a crumpled, wet scrap of paper lurking in the depths of his coat, and pulled it free. The monk's leaflet, soaked but still legible. \"Find your way,\" it began, \"follow the path.\" Almost comically stereotypical. Included was a hand drawn picture of a man in blue robes, smiling warmly, his left arm outstretched to guide the reader onward.

Cam looked up to see a well dressed man he hadn't noticed before. The man stood waiting under the inn's awning as an equally well dressed woman emerged to greet him. Their body language spoke of cautious formality as they shook hands and exchanged a few inaudible words. Then, just as quickly, both went their own ways. The man turned down a side street, collar held up against the rain. The woman swung on a hooded overcoat and hurried away in another direction.

Panic struck. Which was the target? The man strode out of view around a corner, and the woman began to disappear up the street into the tempest. Cam glanced down at the crumpled leaflet in his hand, at the monk with his arm outstretched to his left, Cam's right. Jaw set, brow furrowed, hangover thundering in his skull, he looked up and made the call.
